[birds chirping]
c0000001
[ISKA]
Sisbell.
c0000002
We're coming.
c0000003
[footsteps approaches]
c0000004
[JHIN]
It's chaos.
c0000005
-The whole Sovereignty.
-[MISMIS] Huh?
c0000006
The area around the palace
c0000007
is packed with
civilians and reporters.
c0000008
News outlets are talking about
c0000009
how shocking
the Imperial attacks were.
c0000010
That's not true!
It wasn't just the Empire!
c0000011
[JHIN]
The Queen was injured.
c0000012
Members of the royal family
have gone missing.
c0000013
It is true that the Empire
carried out an attack,
c0000014
but there's more to it.
c0000015
They left out the masterminds.
c0000016
Both Hydra and Elletear.
c0000017
That's because we're the only
ones who know the truth.
c0000018
Now everything's going
according to their plan.
c0000019
Iska.
c0000020
We should be careful.
c0000021
There are Hydra soldiers
in the crowd.
c0000022
If we go, I think
they'd spot us instantly.
c0000023
Yeah, we should lay low.
c0000024
We're such a big group,
they'd notice us regardless.
c0000025
Lou's house was destroyed.
c0000026
And the city's being surveilled
by Hydra's assassins.
c0000027
What do you guys think
we should do?
c0000028
Look at this headline.
c0000029
[YUMILECIA]
Can you believe this?
c0000030
"Queen injured.
Will she be replaced?"
c0000031
Please tell me
none of this is real.
c0000032
Even the news has been
co-opted by Hydra?
c0000033
Is there anywhere
we can hide for now?
c0000034
♪
c0000035
We don't have access
to rations or supplies here.
c0000036
So we can't stay in the forest.
c0000037
Well, honestly,
c0000038
we're all dead
on our feet at the moment.
c0000039
I guess we don't have a choice.
c0000040
We should shelter in
one of Lou's safe houses.
c0000041
Like, the safe houses
you prepared
c0000042
in case
the Imperial Army attacked?
c0000043
I dunno. Are you sure
they'd take Imperial soldiers?
c0000044
[CYSTEA]
Consider this part of the deal.
c0000045
Just bring Lady Sisbell back.
c0000046
And trust me,
if you break your promise.
c0000047
You're entitled
to take my life.
c0000048
Why do you think
we haven't left yet?
c0000049
We're here to bring
Lady Sisbell back alive.
c0000050
You had better.
c0000051
We won't forget.
c0000052
[ALL]
Let's to the safe house.
c0000053
Follow us this way.
c0000054
A message for the Acting Queen.
c0000055
RECLAIM: THE WORLD RISES
c0000056
We have extinguished
the fire in the castle.
c0000057
We're still
searching the grounds,
c0000058
but there's still
no sign of the enemy, yet.
c0000059
Thank you, good sir.
c0000060
The Imperial soldiers
could be hiding anywhere.
c0000061
Minister, proceed with care.
c0000062
[MALE MINISTER 1]
Yes, of course.
c0000063
[footsteps receding]
c0000064
We can't find them.
c0000065
But it's highly unlikely
they've gone anywhere.
c0000066
Several members
of the royal family,
c0000067
including Lady Elletear,
have gone missing.
c0000068
We believe the Imperial Army
has taken them.
c0000069
It seems the Empire wanted
to leave with haste
c0000070
after getting
what they came for.
c0000071
If anything was left behind,
c0000072
it'd be listening devices
and bombs, not soldiers.
c0000073
We're combing
every corner of the building
c0000074
to find and remove them.
c0000075
[ALICE]
Hmm.
c0000076
My Lady Alice,
c0000077
you did
everything you could, ma'am.
c0000078
Try not to beat yourself up.
c0000079
Don't worry.
I regret not.
c0000080
I'll do what must be done.
c0000081
First, I'll secure the palace.
c0000082
Then address the people
and quell their anxieties.
c0000083
Plot out our countermeasures.
c0000084
But above all...
c0000085
Devise and execute a plan
c0000086
to rescue Lady Sisbell
from the Hydras.
c0000087
[ON]
What a terrible mess we're in.
c0000088
It's even worse
than 30 years ago.
c0000089
Uh.
c0000090
Masked Lord.
c0000091
You look disheveled.
c0000092
Well, I've been quite busy.
c0000093
I was having a bit of a tango
with a young lady.
c0000094
She's a Saint Disciple.
c0000095
Now then...
I have urgent matters
c0000096
to report to the acting Queen.
c0000097
The Tower of Moon is
free of Imperial scum.
c0000098
Although we still need to see
if they left any gifts.
c0000099
Good, glad you're all right.
c0000100
"All right?"
c0000101
I'm afraid you
misunderstand me, your grace.
c0000102
The Royal Palace
c0000103
has been trampled
by the Empire,
c0000104
beautiful gardens
reduced to ash.
c0000105
The blood of our comrades
soaks the earth,
c0000106
and many members
of the royal family are gone.
c0000107
That includes Growley.
c0000108
The people are filled
with anxiety and rage.
c0000109
How does any of this
seem "all right" to you?
c0000110
The Zoa's have been
consistent in their word.
c0000111
Advised the Queen
to attack the Empire first.
c0000112
But she continued to refuse.
c0000113
And now you see
where that's gotten us.
c0000114
The people have spoken,
c0000115
and they pine for a new Queen.
c0000116
But that can wait.
c0000117
The House of Zoa
must prioritize
c0000118
searching for our family head.
c0000119
There's still
the question of intent.
c0000120
Uh.
Which means?
c0000121
-[TALISMAN] Hello.
-[ALICE] Hm.
c0000122
I'm late. Forgive me.
c0000123
-Stay calm.
-Hm.
c0000124
Dear, I heard what happened.
c0000125
I simply can't imagine
what you're going through.
c0000126
The thought of Lady Elletear
and Lady Sisbell
c0000127
going missing
just breaks my heart.
c0000128
They're my dear friends,
as you know.
c0000129
I shall pray
for their safe return.
c0000130
Well,
c0000131
I can't thank you enough.
c0000132
Ah, yes.
c0000133
Speaking of safe,
c0000134
we're glad you're doing well,
My Lord.
c0000135
If the rumors are
to be believed,
c0000136
the House of Hydra avoided
conflict with the Empire.
c0000137
Is there any truth
to this hearsay?
c0000138
Yes!
It seems the Empire
c0000139
focused their forces
here at the Royal Palace.
c0000140
It's as though
the Hydras weren't
c0000141
even on the Imperial radar.
c0000142
Hm.
c0000143
Well, thank goodness
for small mercies.
c0000144
Might I ask you a question
while you're here?
c0000145
You wouldn't happen to know
c0000146
the whereabouts
of our family head,
c0000147
Growley, would you?
c0000148
Heavens no.
c0000149
But, the House of Hydra
will assist
c0000150
by sending a search party, too.
c0000151
Why, how generous.
c0000152
I will leave you to it, madam.
c0000153
Lady Alice.
c0000154
Lo, with the fall of the Queen,
c0000155
this nation will be
understandably shaken.
c0000156
Though these are trying times,
c0000157
we shall overcome
these adversities together.
c0000158
Yes, thanks.
How thoughtful.
c0000159
[Talisman laughs]
c0000160
[MALE MINISTER 2]
Lady Alice!
c0000161
It's the Queen.
She's awakened.
c0000162
How is she?
c0000163
[MALE MINISTER 2] The surgery
on her arm was a success.
c0000164
The anesthetic hasn't worn off,
c0000165
but she should be
able to talk well enough.
c0000166
I'm on my way.
c0000167
-Go take care of her.
-Hm.
c0000168
I shall enact the plans
that we discussed.
c0000169
[MILLAVAIR]
I'm a disappointment.
c0000170
Have I become so blind
c0000171
that I didn't see
how weak I've become?
c0000172
I am unfit to be our Queen.
c0000173
[gasps]
c0000174
I was here but couldn't
protect the palace.
c0000175
As for Elletear and Sisbell,
c0000176
I allowed them to fall
into the hands of the Empire.
c0000177
Mother.
c0000178
I have some important news.
c0000179
I'm prepared for any bad news
you could give me.
c0000180
And...
c0000181
And for what it's worth,
c0000182
I'm ready for my daughter to
scold me for all my failures.
c0000183
Then listen to me.
c0000184
We need to get Sisbell back.
c0000185
Not from the Empire,
c0000186
but from Hydra.
c0000187
[gasps]
What did you say?
c0000188
The Hydras were
behind the Empire's attack.
c0000189
It was them.
c0000190
Hydra loyalists disguised
as Imperial soldiers
c0000191
attacked our vacation home.
c0000192
The Empire didn't take Sisbell,
c0000193
it was Vichyssoise.
c0000194
How can I know this to be true?
c0000195
I swear by my right
to the Queen's succession.
c0000196
They will stop at nothing.
c0000197
Well,
c0000198
after the Queen's Hall
exploded,
c0000199
I had my suspicions
Hydra may have been involved.
c0000200
That's why I wanted
to use Sisbell's power
c0000201
to reveal the true mastermind
behind the attack, but...
c0000202
I never thought they would
invite the Empire here.
c0000203
There's more.
The Lou vacation home.
c0000204
Vicchyssoise destroyed it, too.
c0000205
[MILLAVAIR]
The people staying there?
c0000206
They're safe.
c0000207
They escaped just in time.
c0000208
That's great news.
c0000209
Truth be told,
c0000210
even if Talisman was
behind these heinous attacks,
c0000211
we have no proof.
c0000212
Talisman didn't act alone.
c0000213
He didn't bring
the Imperial Army
c0000214
into our home.
c0000215
That was Elletear.
c0000216
Huh?
c0000217
Go on.
c0000218
Sisbell can testify.
c0000219
-That's why they kidnapped her,
the Hydras. -[gasps]
c0000220
Something was off with her.
c0000221
I have sensed it
for a while, now.
c0000222
You must have
suspected her too, right?
c0000223
In hindsight,
the signs were there.
c0000224
As long as Sisbell is safe,
and this is true.
c0000225
We can use her astral art
of illumination
c0000226
to shed light on Hydra's
treasonous conspiracy.
c0000227
[ALICE] Right.
Rin is already on the move.
c0000228
As long as
we find the location,
c0000229
we can bring
Sisbell back unharmed.
c0000230
You know the Hydras.
c0000231
If you had to make
an educated guess,
c0000232
where do you think
they would hide her?
c0000233
[SISBELL]
What's going on?
c0000234
Why are the Hydras keeping me
locked up as their prisoner?
c0000235
Oh, I know!
c0000236
If I reenact how I got here,
c0000237
maybe I can find some clues.
c0000238
Worth a shot!
c0000239
[gasps]
c0000240
[groans]
c0000241
Enough with the theatrics!
Show yourself!
c0000242
[RIN]
You'll pay for this, Hydra.
c0000243
I will make sure
we get Lady Sisbell back.
c0000244
This is where they took refuge?
c0000245
[door sliding open]
c0000246
It's me.
Are you all right?
c0000247
-Rin, hey!
-Rin, you're here!
c0000248
I-I am so sorry,
c0000249
they took away Lady Sisbell.
c0000250
-[Ashe sniffles]
-It'll be fine.
c0000251
We'll save her.
c0000252
Lady Alice and the Queen
are glad you're safe.
c0000253
Thanks, that means a lot.
c0000254
The Queen is safe.
c0000255
That's good to hear!
c0000256
Now don't worry.
Please.
c0000257
Lady Alice and the Queen
will bring our Sisbell back.
c0000258
Well,
I think you should know...
c0000259
the soldiers who had
escorted Lady Sisbell
c0000260
are offering their help.
c0000261
Mm-hmm.
We'll accept their aid.
c0000262
We can trust them
more than our own.
c0000263
-Where are they?
-There.
c0000264
Oh.
Hey Rin!
c0000265
-[RIN] Where's Iska?
-Uh?
c0000266
He's in the room
at the very back.
c0000267
Oh, but he might be
busy at the moment.
c0000268
-[knocking on door]
-Imperial swordsman.
c0000269
Break time's come to an end!
c0000270
It's me.
Coming in!
c0000271
[ISKA]
Is that Rin?
c0000272
Wait, stay put.
I'll be right there.
c0000273
We don't have time!
I can't.
c0000274
[ISKA] Please.
Just give me a minute.
c0000275
[RIN]
Why the delay?
c0000276
What are you up to in there,
Soldier Boy?
c0000277
[ISKA] What?
I'm not up to anything!
c0000278
I'm just a little busy
at the moment.
c0000279
Show's over!
c0000280
-[door slides open]
-I'm coming in!
c0000281
Uh.
c0000282
Jeez, Rin.
I was in the shower.
c0000283
Imperial swordsman!
c0000284
You fool!
c0000285
How could you let this happen?
c0000286
Wait, I did everything I could!
Let's talk about this!
c0000287
[RIN]
Now I've seen you naked!
c0000288
Flaunting your naked body
like this!
c0000289
Walking around like a pervert!
c0000290
Hey, watch it!
c0000291
[RIN] Hard not to watch
when you're on full display!
c0000292
I'm trying to
put some clothes on, here!
c0000293
Hm. You know I'm only
a 17-year-old girl, right?
c0000294
I'm just a child.
c0000295
You gonna take
responsibility, or what?
c0000296
You're the one who barged in
without permission!
c0000297
Ugh!
c0000298
[RIN]
It's whatever.
c0000299
Get dressed.
c0000300
Listen, while you do.
c0000301
Last night, the Imperial Army
c0000302
orchestrated an attack
on the Queen's palace.
c0000303
Yes. I know.
c0000304
Not just that.
c0000305
Lady Alice is aware
c0000306
Hydra was pulling the strings
behind the scenes.
c0000307
And apparently,
you're the one who told her.
c0000308
Yeah, you're not wrong.
c0000309
♪
c0000310
Well, then...
c0000311
you can probably
guess why I'm here.
c0000312
We need your help
rescuing Lady Sisbell.
c0000313
[ISKA]
You don't have to tell us.
c0000314
We'll help. That's
the whole reason we're here.
c0000315
Hello!
You up, Sis?
c0000316
[Sisbell breathes sharply]
c0000317
[choking]
c0000318
Vichyssoise!
c0000319
So, you do know
what's going on, right?
c0000320
It's a shame
you're here all alone.
c0000321
[Sisbell chuckles softly]
c0000322
And you know
they'll come for me, right?
c0000323
[Vichyssoise laughs]
c0000324
[VICHYSSOISE] Who?
Your big sisters?
c0000325
Or those greasy lug-heads
from the Empire?
c0000326
[moaning]
c0000327
[laughs]
You're a lot tougher
c0000328
than I thought.
Figured you'd be
c0000329
too scared to function.
c0000330
But you're still just
a big sweetie, aren't ya?
c0000331
especially compared
to that sister of yours.
c0000332
[Vichyssoise gasps]
c0000333
[ELLETEAR] Congratulations on
your escape, Vichyssoise.
c0000334
You broke out of prison
c0000335
in the middle
of all that commotion.
c0000336
-Smart move.
-[keys clatter]
c0000337
I suppose you had
nothing to worry about, then.
c0000338
I am immensely
jealous of your power.
c0000339
With that talent,
it's no wonder you're fearless.
c0000340
Oh, please.
Me?
c0000341
If one of us
is a fearless monster
c0000342
worth admiring, it's you.
c0000343
So, you're not gonna deny
that you're a monster?
c0000344
I guess I'd better be on my way
to kidnap Sisbell, then.
c0000345
Do your job,
but don't hurt her.
c0000346
What?
c0000347
What's the point
of this whole operation, then?
c0000348
You betrayed the Sovereignty,
c0000349
but now you wanna
show mercy to your family?
c0000350
[ELLETEAR]
Don't lecture me.
c0000351
This is the last time
I'll see my family.
c0000352
Can't a girl
get a little sentimental?
c0000353
[laughs]
c0000354
Ah, this is just
a love-hate thing.
c0000355
You wuv it,
but it makes you weawy mad!
c0000356
What a freakin' drag, man!
c0000357
If you can't
go through with it,
c0000358
I'd be happy to step up and--
[gasps]
c0000359
[ELLETEAR]
Vichyssoise,
c0000360
if you lay so much
as a finger on my sister.
c0000361
[gasps]
c0000362
-I'll destroy Hydra
right here... -[blood drips]
c0000363
-...right now.
-[blood drips]
c0000364
What, so now you'll betray
my family, too?
c0000365
My cooperation comes
with three conditions.
c0000366
As long as all three are met,
c0000367
we can maintain this pleasant
relationship we have, dear.
c0000368
It's better for Lord Talisman.
c0000369
-And for you.
-[thuds]
c0000370
-[laughs]
-Wouldn't that be great?
c0000371
I am a monster, after all.
c0000372
I just remembered
something gross.
c0000373
[Sisbell gasps]
c0000374
-[Sisbell coughs]
-Get up! No time to sit.
c0000375
Shwartz better be all right,
or else...
c0000376
[VICHYSSOISE]
Hm?
c0000377
Oh, that old geezer.
c0000378
He's safe,
c0000379
and will stay that way
as long as you do what we say.
c0000380
-And what is that, huh?
-I can't tell you, yet.
c0000381
Not until you wake up!
c0000382
[MEI]
So much security.
c0000383
Did some drunkie
get into a bar-fight?
c0000384
We wanted
to keep the peace, is all.
c0000385
The whole world would
devolve into a panic
c0000386
if the Imperial Army
attacked the Sovereignty.
c0000387
Yeah. But how do the neutral
cities factor into all of this?
c0000388
And the Sovereignty is busy,
c0000389
do you really think
a detour is necessary
c0000390
to throw them off our tail?
c0000391
But besides that,
c0000392
isn't the Emperor expecting you
to return immediately?
c0000393
[RISYA] Yes, but I'm supposed
to gather intel on my way.
c0000394
According to the Eight
Great Apostles' vision,
c0000395
you must wake up soon,
Your Majesty.
c0000396
Things are in motion.
c0000397
[breathes shakily]
c0000398
Seems you were busy.
c0000399
The wheels have been turning
c0000400
while the Eight Great Apostle
Meln was fast asleep.
c0000401
Beware. For the moth that
flies too close to the fire
c0000402
is destined to burn to ashes.
c0000403
That power is far too great
for a human to wield.
c0000404
[APOSTLE 1]
Will the Sovereignty retaliate?
c0000405
[APOSTLE 2]
Improbable.
c0000406
If the Founder's descendants
have any inkling of wit,
c0000407
they will know that
now is not the time
c0000408
to bare their fangs.
c0000409
[APOSTLE 1]
Between the injured Queen,
c0000410
the captured purebreds,
c0000411
and a kingdom
of panicked citizens?
c0000412
Their retaliation
will come later.
c0000413
Get a move
on your research, Kelvina.
c0000414
[KELVINA]
With what?
c0000415
A shriveled old tree
has no value as a sample.
c0000416
Might I ask,
c0000417
has she awakened, yet?
c0000418
[APOSTLE 2]
Need I remind you,
c0000419
Subject E was
your biggest failure.
c0000420
[APOSTLE 1]
Spare us your questions
c0000421
and make haste
with your research.
c0000422
Before your subject
evolves into another monster.
c0000423
[KELVINA] Oh?
Then give me a better sample.
c0000424
[APOSTLE 2]
We will give you what you need.
c0000425
Your mission is to create
a true witch and nothing more.
c0000426
Fine.
c0000427
-[wind gusting]
-[vehicles revving]
c0000428
[JOHAIM]
You must stay here.
c0000429
We're heading
to Empire territory.
c0000430
Sure.
c0000431
I know my place as a prisoner,
you don't have to tell me.
c0000432
How beautiful.
c0000433
Today, the Sovereignty
is finally overthrown.
c0000434
This is day one.
c0000435
It was painful.
So very painful.
c0000436
And yet, I simply couldn't die.
c0000437
You, over there.
c0000438
Hmm?
Me? Yes, miss?
c0000439
I've a small request for you.
c0000440
Can a girl
get some water, please?
c0000441
As you can see,
my body's on fire.
c0000442
Uh...
c0000443
We can get you
something from our supply.
c0000444
Thank you, kind sir.
c0000445
[phone ringing]
c0000446
[TALISMAN]
Hello, Lady Elletear.
c0000447
I see your communication device
was not confiscated.
c0000448
Thank you, your concern
is much appreciated,
c0000449
Lord Talisman.
c0000450
I was able
to make it out safely.
c0000451
How is the Sovereignty?
c0000452
[TALISMAN] As planned,
it's in total disarray.
c0000453
The Imperial Army's offensive
was so effective,
c0000454
the Sovereignty has
suffered significant damages.
c0000455
We are about to see
the rise of a new Queen.
c0000456
They will hold
an election quite soon.
c0000457
[TALISMAN] Oh.
What's wrong?
c0000458
You sound weak.
c0000459
[ELLETEAR] Nothing.
You needn't be concerned.
c0000460
[TALISMAN] Ah, to be torn
between a human and a witch.
c0000461
Such sorrow.
c0000462
-Ugh!
-What's wrong?
c0000463
[Elletear breathes shakily]
c0000464
[chuckles softly]
c0000465
I'm starving!
Is it time for my snack yet?
c0000466
Pardon me, ma'am?
c0000467
No.
That wasn't...
c0000468
Elletear!
c0000469
[chuckles softly]
c0000470
c0000471
[MALE MINISTER 3]
That's enough, Lady Elletear.
c0000472
We're on our way
to an important meeting.
c0000473
♪
c0000474
c0000475
[MALE MINISTER 3]
Princess Aliceliese's
c0000476
astral art is extraordinary!
c0000477
She is the leading candidate
for Queen.
c0000478
[MALE MINISTER 4]
I disagree,
c0000479
Lady Sisbell's "illumination"
c0000480
is more fit for a Queen
of this new age.
c0000481
-[book clatters]
-[whimpering]
c0000482
[ELLETEAR] Only those with
an extraordinary astral spirit
c0000483
are worthy of praise.
c0000484
This nation is far from
an astral mage's paradise.
c0000485
God, I hate the Sovereignty.
c0000486
All I've ever been to them
is a subpar witch.
c0000487
So now, all I want.
c0000488
Is to watch it burn.
c0000489
[RIN] This building will
serve as our new base.
c0000490
[ISKA] Is it
because the other safe house
c0000491
was too far from the palace?
c0000492
That would make it much harder
c0000493
to sneak
into Hydra's facilities.
c0000494
That, and it's easier for
Lady Alice to visit here.
c0000495
She'll arrive soon.
c0000496
Coming here?
c0000497
Should she be leaving
the castle right now?
c0000498
Seems unwise.
c0000499
Of course, she shouldn't
leave yet.
c0000500
With the elected Queen
in recovery,
c0000501
Lady Alice is
working diligently,
c0000502
day and night, as acting Queen.
c0000503
However, Lady Sisbell's life
c0000504
depends on the success
of our mission.
c0000505
When we get Sisbell back,
c0000506
we'll be able
to prove Hydra's conspiracy
c0000507
using her astral art.
c0000508
Yes, sir, that's right.
c0000509
[exhales]
c0000510
You look so exhausted, Rin.
c0000511
That's because I haven't slept
for over two days, now.
c0000512
Her Majesty has fallen.
c0000513
As it stands, Lady Alice
is the acting Queen.
c0000514
And my job is to assist her
night and day.
c0000515
I understand your duties.
c0000516
But you need rest, too.
c0000517
Hmm?
c0000518
Sir, Lady Alice is
pushing herself.
c0000519
As her servant, I-I can't...
c0000520
Give in to...
c0000521
Ugh!
c0000522
Shleep right meow.
c0000523
[ISKA] You're not
acting like yourself!
c0000524
Hey!
Pull it together, Rin!
c0000525
Alice is on her way here,
right?
c0000526
[ALICE]
Please take care of mother.
c0000527
[KISASAGE]
Right.
c0000528
[door slides opens]
c0000529
[chuckles softly]
c0000530
I'm a little nervous
to see Iska.
c0000531
And so soon, too.
c0000532
[inhales deeply]
c0000533
[exhales]
c0000534
-Hm.
-[card beeps]
c0000535
Iska, Rin, I'm here!
c0000536
Sorry to make you wait!
c0000537
We need to plan
a rescue mission.
c0000538
Hello?
c0000539
I was told this was
the strategy meeting room.
c0000540
Wow.
Iska and Rin, huh?
c0000541
You two need to learn
to be more punctual.
c0000542
Hmm.
c0000543
Uh.
c0000544
[exhales]
c0000545
Oh, jeez.
c0000546
Now that I think about it,
c0000547
I haven't slept at all
in over two...
c0000548
Huh!
c0000549
This isn't good.
c0000550
My lack of sleep is
finally catching up to me.
c0000551
No, I can't afford
to doze off right now,
c0000552
but maybe I'll just
lie down for a bit
c0000553
until Rin and Iska
show up for the meeting.
c0000554
All I'm gonna do is rest
my eyes for a little bit.
c0000555
Yeah, and it's only because...
c0000556
the sun's so bright.
c0000557
[knocking on door]
c0000558
Jhin,
it's time for our meeting.
c0000559
[JHIN]
I'm checking the documents.
c0000560
I'll be right there.
c0000561
Captain Mismis, Nene.
It's meeting time.
c0000562
[MISMIS] Great,
now I can't find the files!
c0000563
-Iska, go on without us.
-Come on,
c0000564
-where the heck did they go?
-We'll be right there.
c0000565
Rin should go too,
but she's still asleep.
c0000566
-[door opens]
-It's fine.
c0000567
We'll figure it out soon.
c0000568
[footsteps approaching]
c0000569
[gasps]
c0000570
Alice? Alice, hey!
c0000571
Hey, are you all right?
c0000572
She's out.
c0000573
What fiend did this to her?
c0000574
Is there a Hydra assassin
in this room somewhere?
c0000575
Hang on.
c0000576
Is she just asleep right now?
c0000577
-[breathing softly]
-[gasps]
c0000578
Hey, Alice, you awake?
c0000579
[ALICE]
Rin, come.
c0000580
Get in bed with me.
c0000581
-Uh!
-Oh, stop.
c0000582
-Don't fight it, missy!
-[ISKA] Wait a sec!
c0000583
[ISKA]
This is bad.
c0000584
Like, really, really bad.
c0000585
Hey, Alice, we...
c0000586
we shouldn't be
doing this right now!
c0000587
Oh, wow.
c0000588
So warm.
c0000589
You're burning up today.
c0000590
Be careful,
I'll burst into flames!
c0000591
Alice, if you're awake,
can you get off of me?
c0000592
I have no idea
what you're talking about!
c0000593
[growls]
c0000594
I can't believe I fell asleep
c0000595
just as
she's supposed to arrive.
c0000596
No, stop.
c0000597
Just focus and tidy the room
before Lady Alice gets here.
c0000598
Uh!
c0000599
[RIN]
Lady Alice.
c0000600
Imperial soldier.
c0000601
I should have known.
c0000602
Not that!
c0000603
I haven't said anything yet.
c0000604
I swear,
I didn't do anything to her!
c0000605
She was just lying here
on the ground, and I...
c0000606
She was just laying like that?
c0000607
Yeah!
c0000608
So you just threw yourself
beneath her?
c0000609
A predator, driven by lust.
c0000610
You got handsy with
her irresistibly perfect body,
c0000611
-didn't you?
-Ah?
c0000612
You got it all wrong, Rin!
c0000613
Enough! Get off!
You perv! Let go!
c0000614
[ISKA]
Alice is the one hugging me!
c0000615
-[RIN] Shut up!
-[ISKA] So, wait.
c0000616
We're still having that
c0000617
-strategy meeting, right?
-Not like this, you creep!
c0000618
Hmm.
[clears throat]
c0000619
So, for now,
c0000620
I am officially asking
that you help rescue Sisbell.
c0000621
We've been saying that
from the start.
c0000622
It's been our duty
since her escort began.
c0000623
I also want to make sure
c0000624
I know
what our rights are here.
c0000625
[JHIN] Hydra may have
masterminded this plan,
c0000626
but it was the Imperial Army
who attacked the palace.
c0000627
Since that's the case,
c0000628
anyone you find
with ties to the Empire
c0000629
will be detained.
c0000630
Including us, right?
c0000631
Your assessment is correct.
c0000632
During the battle
at the palace,
c0000633
many of our fellow Sovereigns
were injured.
c0000634
Or went missing entirely.
c0000635
Imperial soldiers deserve
to be executed.
c0000636
No matter who.
Even Lady Sisbell's escorts.
c0000637
That's our public stance.
c0000638
But here's our condition.
c0000639
More a special exception.
c0000640
Normally, we don't show
mercy to Imperial soldiers.
c0000641
But we've made
this exception for you.
c0000642
While you're in the search
party for Lady Sisbell,
c0000643
we'll keep you safe.
c0000644
Was that to your liking?
c0000645
Yes.
c0000646
If you're able to rescue
Sisbell as we agreed,
c0000647
we will ensure your safety
until you cross the border.
c0000648
So, Captain.
You accept?
c0000649
Yes.
c0000650
That's always been our plan.
c0000651
-Everybody, you in?
-Hm.
c0000652
Hm.
c0000653
[ISKA] We took a beating
from the House of Hydra.
c0000654
This is our chance
to pay them back.
c0000655
So, let's take it.